If Bollywood censorship was to censor a movie based on its potential of adding value to the society, I bet this movie would not have satisfied the criteria (at least if the censor board consisted of mindful people). This movie, in my opinion, tops the list of being the most senseless, over-melodramatic, aimless movie that Indian Cinema has produced in an entire century.

Just to make sure that people don't get me wrong, I am not a so called 'hater' of any particular type of cinema. Neither do I have anything against any particular type of 'genre' that movies belong to. I normally don't even write movie reviews since I believe that the nature of cinema is very subjective and different people have the right to think differently about the same content. Its just that after watching this one, wasting 3 hours of my precious life, I couldn't resist but to inform the public about the nonsense that they might be inclined to pay 200 bucks for. It was really disheartening for me to see Indian Cinema misusing the kind of power they possess of moving hundreds of millions through the leverage over mass media.

I will do justice to all the 'important' features and responsibilities that is so utterly fallacious in the movie. (and not based my views on the acting or plot-line and stuff as I believe that there are already enough reviews of well-educated people on them)

Formulation of a Dogma. I couldn't agree more that technology has it both upsides and downsides; that careful use of the power of technology is crucial for a sustainable future. Yet, the lopsided, crooked stance that the movie takes against the use of mobile phones and creating a fallacy about all use of technology is inherently incorrect. We are heading towards the future, faster than ever, where we (humanity) really need to be aware of the actual truth that the technology can bring to us, not askew skepticism that such plots cultivated in our mind. Such movies plant unrealistic, unjustified 'fear of the unknown' (especially with regards to tech) in many for whom this form of mass-media might be the only source of knowledge and exposure. While it is time to break their mental barriers towards change, this kind of media is making them more 'rigid and unmovable' with their beliefs. It is a misuse of mass-media in the highest form.

Lack of clear thought and vision. Okay, I get their idea that they are tying to say that the radio frequencies/waves produce the the mobile phone towers are dangerous to the survival of many bird species. I understand their stance of promoting the welfare of birds by controlling the activities of humans. But then why, towards the end of the movie did they suddenly seemed to contradict their own preaching. In the ending scenes, we see that the "micro-robots" are laid on the back of pigeons ready to sacrifice them as hostages. Is this the way you promote the welfare of something? By 'objectifying them'? By showing them getting 'exploited' for the good? Is this adequate fulfillment of your responsibility as a director or a producer?

Moreover, the movie doesn't spare even subjects like gender prejudice. The female robot, by the very words of its creator in the movie, is shown to perform the 'domestic' work, while the 'male robot' performs all the heroic deeds. Wow, what a kind of message we are sending across our children, and other susceptible audience.

I can go on and on without ending, but this is not a forum for a type of feedback so I realize I must stop. I would still say that it is a "MUST WATCH". Obviously, how can you ever appreciate good food without ever having to eat some rotten rice. The media producers have huge responsibilities on their shoulders and its their duty to make sure that they don't exploit it simple for money.